sent1647	Mario Cuomo	Live_In	New York	( But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Yatsushiro	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Kumamoto Prefecture	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1656	Mrs. Tsuruyama	Live_In	Japan	( Mrs. Tsuruyama is from Yatsushiro in Kumamoto Prefecture in southern Japan .)
sent1673	Jim Hightower	Live_In	Texas	( ` ` From the onset , we at the Texas Department of Agriculture felt that more was at stake than steak , and a whole lot more was at stake than growth hormones , ' ' said Texas Agriculture Commissioner Jim Hightower at a news conference Monday.)
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	San Francisco	( Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	Shanghai	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	San Francisco.	( Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Conn.	( Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1787	Dave Olson	Live_In	Idaho	( ` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn.)
sent1818	David Leahy	Live_In	Dade County	( David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	Grants	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Michael Henley Jr.	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	Belen	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	N.M.	( Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	N.M.	( On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1861	Bob Miller	Live_In	Nevada.	( Gov. Bob Miller recently signed a bill prohibiting storage of high-level radioactive waste in Nevada.)
sent1866	Roland Dumas	Live_In	France.	( ` ` This constitutes a great first step forward on the path which should provide a return to peace for this country , ' ' said Foreign Roland Dumas of France.)
sent1893	Robert Isaacks	Live_In	High Island.	( It 's doing a lot of wind damage , ' ' said Robert Isaacks , an emergency medical technician on High Island.)
sent1901	Betty Barrow	Live_In	High Island.	( ` ` We get worse thunderstorms than this , ' ' said Betty Barrow , a 28-year resident who remained on High Island.)
sent1902	Ms. Barrow	Live_In	High Island	( Chantal knocked out power on High Island shortly after 7 a.m. , but the few businesses in town remained open , including a grocery where Ms. Barrow was on duty.)
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Port Arthur	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1908	Malcolm Grant	Live_In	Port Arthur.	( Port Arthur Mayor Malcolm Grant asked the 800 residents of Sabine Pass to evacuate the coastal community just west of the Louisiana line , citing the likelihood of high water closing the only highway between the town and Port Arthur.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	Lake Charles	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	La.	( ` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1946	Tom Defelice	Live_In	Warwick	( The real lucky duck was Tom Defelice of Warwick , who won a vacation for four at Disney World in Florida after his duck crossed the finish line first in 51 : 15.)
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Live_In	Ethiopia	( Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	( The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Washington	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	( Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2194	Mason	Live_In	Atlanta	( Mason , who headed the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta before being appointed to the No. 2 HHS job by President Bush , said he faces a similar dilemma in the emerging fiscal 1990 budget because the AZT program is authorized at $30 million but not included in the appropriations bill scheduled for debate later this week.)
sent2223	Bush	Live_In	United States	( President Bush announced Tuesday the United States will provide up to $50 million in food aid for Poland to help avert shortages in the country as it struggles to reform its government and economy.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	North Wales	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	Pa.	( David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2255	Anderson	Live_In	Middle East	( Anderson , 41 , was the chief Middle East correspondent for The Associated Press when he was kidnapped in Beirut on March 16 , 1985.)
sent2263	Mrs. Cicippio	Live_In	Beirut.	( ` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut.)
sent2308	Virginia Towle	Live_In	Wallingford	( ` ` I don 't think there are any good answers why , ' ' said Virginia Towle of Wallingford , a family friend.)
sent2403	Tom Muri.	Live_In	Whitefish City	( The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri.)
sent2424	Debra Sweiger	Live_In	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2424	Vaughn Van Zant.	Live_In	King County	( The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2430	Sherman G. Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	( Chief U.S. Sherman G. Finesilver told the 23 grand jurors their only task during the 18-month term would be ` ` to determine what criminal acts , if any , were committed at Rocky Flats nuclear weapons plant. ' ')
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	Washington.	( Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2536	Harrington	Live_In	Larchmont	( Harrington , a professor of political science at Queens College of the City University of New York and honorary president of the Socialist International , died Monday night at his home in suburban Larchmont , the university said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2539	John Kennedy	Live_In	United States	( ` ` The luck was that the book came out at a time when there was a president of the United States who read books , John Kennedy , and he read it , ' ' Harrington said.)
sent2603	Prateep Ungsongtham	Live_In	Bangkok.	( Another beacon of the better life is Prateep Ungsongtham , known as the ` ` Slum Angel of Bangkok. ' ')
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Live_In	Israel.	( ` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Live_In	France	( Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Providence	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	R.I.	( Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero.	Live_In	Argentina	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero.	Live_In	Buenos Aires Province	( An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	Fla.	( But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2817	Warner	Live_In	Ocala	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)
sent2817	Warner	Live_In	Fla.	( Warner , who now lives in Ocala , Fla. , and filed the petition in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Jacksonville , Fla. , sought protection from creditors seeking more than $4 billion from him.)
sent2820	Warner	Live_In	Switzerland	( Warner , a former U.S. ambassador to Switzerland , was convicted on Ohio felony charges in Home State 's collapse , but was acquitted of federal charges in a separate trial.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Fla.	( One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Cincinnati	( Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2882	Ernesto Perez Balladares	Live_In	the Republic	( -LRB- Text -RRB- The National Central Organization of Panamanian Workers -LRB- CNTP -RRB- , which comprises three workers ' federations and 16 unions for a total of 12 , 000 workers , has proclaimed its determination to support Dr. Ernesto Perez Balladares for the presidency of the Republic .)
sent2884	Andres Vega Cedeno	Live_In	Panama City	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Felipe Cano	Live_In	San Miguelito	( The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2887	Granic	Live_In	Croatia	( Croatia 's Granic Admits Downed Planes Took Off From Croatia LD0303083794 Moscow ITAR-TASS in English 0729 GMT 3 Mar 94)
sent2896	Boris Yeltsin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2896	Viktor Chernomyrdin	Live_In	Moscow	( Moscow March 5 -LRB- ITAR-TASS -RRB- -- Moscow leading newspapers concentrate on the speeches by President Boris Yeltsin and Premier Viktor Chernomyrdin at the government 's enlarged meeting on Friday .)
sent2906	Stalin	Live_In	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2906	Stalin	Live_In	Soviet	( The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2917	Kravchuk	Live_In	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)
sent2917	Chornovil	Live_In	Ukraine	( Kravchuk won over 60 percent of the votes and Chornovil , nearly 28 percent in Ukraine 's first presidential elections in December 1991 .)
sent2929	William Miller.	Live_In	Ukraine	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent2937	Tansu Ciller	Live_In	Turkey	( This is how the politicians assessed the DEP 's withdrawal from the political arena so close to the elections and when it had fielded its candidates all over Turkey : Prime Tansu Ciller said : I was expecting such a decision .)
sent2968	Hitler	Live_In	Berlin	( It almost makes me want to laugh. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Why ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- Bossi is a very strange character and his extreme envy has been demonstrated. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- He tried to get votes from the south , those votes which he now despises so much , but the south sent him back to the valleys. -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said that Bossi reminded you of Hitler trapped in his Berlin bunker , a man with delusions of grandeur and a tendency towards suicide .)
sent2972	Benito Mussolini	Live_In	Italy	( If Bossi were fundamental in order for your alliance to govern... -LRB- Fini -RRB- He must accept two questions which for us are more fundamental than government : national unity and solidarity between the north and the south. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- I believe that until 1938 fascism was useful for Italy , not good or bad , but useful. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- Do you still believe that Benito Mussolini is still the greatest statesman of the 20th century ? -LRB- Fini -RRB- In Italy certainly , without a shadow of a doubt. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- -LRB- Minoli -RRB- You said ;)
sent2987	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( In a statement at the airport before his departure , Cetin said that Turkey welcomed this step taken by Bosnians and Croats and hoped that real peace comes to Bosnia-Herzegovina when Serbs join this process too .)
sent2988	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2988	Cetin	Live_In	Balkans	( Cetin added that the ceremony , to which he was invited by his American counterpart Warren Christopher , showed once more the importance and weight of Turkey in the Balkans .)
sent2990	Cetin	Live_In	Turkey	( Evaluating Juppe 's visit , Cetin said that the French Government was not displaying a disturbing stand toward Turkey and was very careful in not intervening in Turkey 's internal affairs .)
sent2997	Samuel Bogran	Live_In	San Pedro Sula	( During the televised forum in which the candidates for the San Pedro Sula mayorship participated , the subject of industrial contamination was examined in greater depth by Nationalist candidate Samuel Bogran .)
sent3034	Qian Qichen	Live_In	Beijing	( Qian Qichen Leaves Beijing for South Asian Tour OW2102114194 Beijing XINHUA in English 1127 GMT 21 Feb 94)
sent3036	Qian Qichen	Live_In	Beijing	( -LRB- Text -RRB- Beijing , February 21 -LRB- XINHUA -RRB- -- Chinese Vice-Premier and Foreign Qian Qichen left here this afternoon for a fortnight official good-will visit to Pakistan , Bangladesh , Sri Lanka , Maldives and Iran .)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	US	( -LRB- Excerpts -RRB- US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. -LRB- passage omitted -RRB- In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3073	Hosokawa	Live_In	Japan	( U.S. -LRB- USTR -RRB- Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")
sent3137	Franjo Tudjman	Live_In	Croatia	( Karadjordjevo " -RRB- -LRB- Text -RRB- We cannot remember the last time when -LRB- Croatian President -RRB- Franjo Tudjman was so cheery , excited , joyful , euphoric , and even somewhat melancholic , as he was last Wednesday , when in Geneva the declaration on the gradual normalization of the relations between the republic of Croatia and the FRY was signed .)
sent3152	Mile Akmadzic	Live_In	Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
sent3152	Nikola Koljevic	Live_In	Serbian Republic	( Such theories , which are not alone in the international press , find support in another agreement that was also signed in Geneva -- which the Croatian opposition ostensibly did not notice , to the great surprise and almost astonishment of all , and consequently did not comment on , although the integral text was published in Croatian newspapers -- the agreement signed between Mile Akmadzic , on behalf of the Croatian Republic of Herceg-Bosna , and Nikola Koljevic , on behalf of the Serbian Republic , in which both sides emphasize that " there are no disputed issues between them that cannot be solved in a peaceful way . ")
