sent10	Tuvia Tzafir	Live_In	Israeli	(Israel television rejected a skit by comedian Tuvia Tzafir that attacked public apathy by depicting an Israeli family watching TV while a fire raged outside .)
sent27	Lazio	Live_In	Umbria	(The ANSA news agency said the operation involved police in Umbria and Lazio provinces in central Italy and Campania province in the south , without specifying exact arrest locations .)
sent27	Lazio	Live_In	Italy	(The ANSA news agency said the operation involved police in Umbria and Lazio provinces in central Italy and Campania province in the south , without specifying exact arrest locations .)
sent27	Lazio	Live_In	Campania province	(The ANSA news agency said the operation involved police in Umbria and Lazio provinces in central Italy and Campania province in the south , without specifying exact arrest locations .)
sent28	Lazio	Live_In	Rome	(Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania .)
sent28	Lazio	Live_In	Naples	(Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania .)
sent28	Lazio	Live_In	Campania	(Rome is in Lazio province and Naples in Campania .)
sent34	Reagan	Live_In	America	(Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .)
sent34	Reagan	Live_In	American	(Reagan sounded positive notes reminiscent of earlier speeches throughout his political career _ the pre-eminent position of ` ` We the People ' ' in the American system , the image of America as a shining ` ` city upon a hill , ' ' the importance of paying more attention to American history .)
sent35	Reagan	Live_In	Washington	(There was no mention of the ` ` iron triangle ' ' of members of Congress , the news media and special interest groups who , in a speech to political appointees in Washington on Dec. 13 , Reagan claimed had prevented his administration from balancing the federal budget .)
sent37	Reagan	Live_In	Contras	(There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .)
sent37	Reagan	Live_In	Iran	(There was no mention at all of the Contras , the arms sales to Iran or the enormous trade deficits that during Reagan 's tenure have turned America into the world 's biggest debtor nation .)
sent50	Nixon	Live_In	Texas	(A Texas professor who helped mount President Nixon 's unsuccessful attempt to resist a key Watergate subpoena is being considered for the post of U.S. solicitor .)
sent52	Ralph K. Winter	Live_In	New York City	(Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
sent52	Ralph K. Winter	Live_In	the District of Columbia	(Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
sent52	Kenneth Starr	Live_In	New York City	(Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
sent52	Kenneth Starr	Live_In	the District of Columbia	(Also being considered are Judge Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York City and Judge Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia , said the source , who spoke on condition of anonymity .)
sent68	Wright	Live_In	Arizona	(But four years later , Wright said he would vote against Barry Goldwater because he felt the Arizona senator supported a ` ` slowdown on civil rights ' ' and would take a ` ` harder , more dangerous line on foreign relations. ' ')
sent77	Nikita Khrushchev	Live_In	Cuban	(An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .)
sent77	Kennedy	Live_In	Soviet	(An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .)
sent77	Kennedy	Live_In	Cuban	(An enraged Nikita Khrushchev instructed Soviet ships to ignore President Kennedy 's naval blockade during the Cuban missile crisis , but the order was reversed just hours before an inevitable confrontation , according to a new book .)
sent78	James G. Blight	Live_In	Cuba	(James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
sent78	David A. Welch	Live_In	Cuba	(James G. Blight and David A. Welch of Harvard University 's John F. Kennedy School of Government say that ` ` if this order had held , war between the superpowers would probably have commenced at sea , shortly after 10 o 'clock on Wednesday morning , Oct. 24 , 1962 , several hundred miles off the coast of Cuba. ' ')
sent83	Kennedy	Live_In	Americans	(The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
sent83	Kennedy	Live_In	Soviets	(The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
sent83	Kennedy	Live_In	Soviets	(The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
sent83	Kennedy	Live_In	Americans	(The book , ` ` On the Brink : Americans and Soviets Reexamine the Cuban Missile Crisis , ' ' is based largely on two 1987 conferences sponsored by Harvard _ one that featured top Kennedy advisers and U.S. scholars and a second in which three Soviets joined the Americans .)
sent88	Aleksander Alekseev	Live_In	Cuba	(Their theory that the warheads were blocked by the quarantine is at odds with a recent disclosure by Aleksander Alekseev , the former ambassador to Cuba , who said in a recent Soviet magazine that 42 medium-range missiles were fully operational .)
sent89	Alekseev	Live_In	Moscow	(But the authors suggested that Alekseev , along with others in the Soviet diplomatic corps , were not receiving accurate information from Moscow about the missiles .)
sent105	Franca Chlistovsky	Live_In	Milan	(However , Franca Chlistovsky , who heads the Brera metereologic institute in Milan , said this winter 's dry spell was not exceptional and several worse years have been registered since 1950 .)
sent105	Brera	Live_In	Milan	(However , Franca Chlistovsky , who heads the Brera metereologic institute in Milan , said this winter 's dry spell was not exceptional and several worse years have been registered since 1950 .)
sent137	Mineral Wells	Live_In	Davisville	(GSA Depot , Davisville , R.I. ; and Mineral Wells , Texas .)
sent137	Mineral Wells	Live_In	R.I.	(GSA Depot , Davisville , R.I. ; and Mineral Wells , Texas .)
sent137	Mineral Wells	Live_In	Texas	(GSA Depot , Davisville , R.I. ; and Mineral Wells , Texas .)
sent138	Fairbanks	Live_In	Alaska	(Locations containing suitable federally owned land were listed as : Fort Wainwright annex , Fairbanks , Alaska ;)
sent139	Andrews Lock	Live_In	Henry County	(Andrews Lock and Dam , Henry County , Ala. ;)
sent139	Andrews Lock	Live_In	Ala.	(Andrews Lock and Dam , Henry County , Ala. ;)
sent142	Andrews Lock	Live_In	Early County	(Andrews Lock and Dam , Early County , Ga. ;)
sent142	Andrews Lock	Live_In	Ga.	(Andrews Lock and Dam , Early County , Ga. ;)
sent148	Fort Hamilton	Live_In	Brooklyn	(Fort Hamilton , Brooklyn , N.Y. ;)
sent148	Fort Hamilton	Live_In	N.Y.	(Fort Hamilton , Brooklyn , N.Y. ;)
sent161	Imelda Marcos	Live_In	Britain	(Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
sent161	Richard Sylvan Selzer	Live_In	Britain	(Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
sent161	Richard Sylvan Selzer	Live_In	Philippines	(Britain 's Duchess of York and former Philippines first lady Imelda Marcos topped the list by Blackwell , a designer and self-appointed fashion arbiter whose real name is Richard Sylvan Selzer .)
sent173	Hoffman	Live_In	Fresno	(Hoffman , who portrays an autistic savant in the movie , returned the favor and called the Fresno boy Monday , talking with Brent and his family for 20 minutes .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	Leningrad	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	Armenian	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	U.S.	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Kirov Ballet	Live_In	British	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	Leningrad	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	Armenian	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	U.S.	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	Yerevan	Live_In	British	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	Moscow	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	Leningrad	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	Armenian	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent188	June Anderson	Live_In	British	(Dancers of Moscow 's Bolshoi Ballet in Moscow and Leningrad 's Kirov Ballet , together with opera singers from the Armenian capital of Yerevan , joined U.S. sopranos June Anderson and Carol Vaness and British dancers and singers .)
sent197	Lesny	Live_In	Liberec	(It is roughly bounded by Ostined , Lesny and Liberec in Czechoslovakia and Gmund in Austria .)
sent197	Lesny	Live_In	Czechoslovakia	(It is roughly bounded by Ostined , Lesny and Liberec in Czechoslovakia and Gmund in Austria .)
sent197	Lesny	Live_In	Gmund	(It is roughly bounded by Ostined , Lesny and Liberec in Czechoslovakia and Gmund in Austria .)
sent197	Lesny	Live_In	Austria	(It is roughly bounded by Ostined , Lesny and Liberec in Czechoslovakia and Gmund in Austria .)
sent208	Penry	Live_In	Texas	(Assistant Charles A. Palmer of Texas argued that executing Penry would not violate the Constitution 's ban against cruel and inhuman punishment .)
sent210	Penry	Live_In	Livingston	(Penry raped Pamela Moseley Carpenter on Oct. 15 , 1979 , in Livingston , Texas , then stabbed her to death .)
sent210	Penry	Live_In	Texas	(Penry raped Pamela Moseley Carpenter on Oct. 15 , 1979 , in Livingston , Texas , then stabbed her to death .)
sent210	Pamela Moseley Carpenter	Live_In	Livingston	(Penry raped Pamela Moseley Carpenter on Oct. 15 , 1979 , in Livingston , Texas , then stabbed her to death .)
sent210	Pamela Moseley Carpenter	Live_In	Texas	(Penry raped Pamela Moseley Carpenter on Oct. 15 , 1979 , in Livingston , Texas , then stabbed her to death .)
sent278	Herbert S. Okun	Live_In	Washington	(Deputy U.S. Ambassador Herbert S. Okun announced the cancellation just before the council began debate , and officials in Washington confirmed it .)
sent281	Vernon A. Walters	Live_In	Libyan	(On Friday , U.S. Ambassador Vernon A. Walters displayed photographs of one Libyan jet showing shapes resembling missile pods on its wings and fuselage .)
sent282	Ali	Live_In	Sunni	(Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .)
sent282	Muntasser	Live_In	Libya	(Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .)
sent282	Muntasser	Live_In	Sunni	(Libya 's deputy ambassador , Ali Sunni Muntasser , said the pictures were retouched and the planes were unarmed and on reconnaissance flights .)
sent326	North	Live_In	Ranch	(River North 's nouvelle sensibilities also might be offended by the Ranch 's menu , which features items such as the ` ` Jesse James Steak ( A Steal ! ) , ' ' and the occasional ornery patron .)
sent326	James Steak	Live_In	Ranch	(River North 's nouvelle sensibilities also might be offended by the Ranch 's menu , which features items such as the ` ` Jesse James Steak ( A Steal ! ) , ' ' and the occasional ornery patron .)
sent372	Gale	Live_In	California	(Gale-force winds were reported in California late Wednesday , where gusts reached 69 mph at Ontario and 57 mph at El Toro .)
sent372	Gale	Live_In	Ontario	(Gale-force winds were reported in California late Wednesday , where gusts reached 69 mph at Ontario and 57 mph at El Toro .)
sent372	Gale	Live_In	El Toro	(Gale-force winds were reported in California late Wednesday , where gusts reached 69 mph at Ontario and 57 mph at El Toro .)
sent410	Sohn Ho Young	Live_In	Korean	(The spy , high-ranking Korean CIA official Sohn Ho Young , wanted to defect because he was about to be transferred home from a post in New York City , the newspaper said .)
sent410	Sohn Ho Young	Live_In	New York City	(The spy , high-ranking Korean CIA official Sohn Ho Young , wanted to defect because he was about to be transferred home from a post in New York City , the newspaper said .)
sent414	Derwinski	Live_In	Republican	(Derwinski , a Republican from Chicago who served 24 years in Congress , publicly denied 1978 allegations that he leaked the information and refused to testify in the matter before a federal grand jury and the House Ethics Committee .)
sent420	Derwinski	Live_In	Republican	(Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
sent420	Derwinski	Live_In	Koreagate	(Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
sent420	Sohn	Live_In	Republican	(Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
sent420	Sohn	Live_In	Koreagate	(Derwinski was the ranking Republican on the the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on international relations , which had secretly been in touch with Sohn and planned to have him testify about the KCIA 's involvement in Koreagate , the Times said .)
sent470	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	Live_In	Spanish	(Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
sent470	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	Live_In	Basque	(Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
sent470	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	Live_In	Madrid	(Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
sent470	Jose Antonio Urutigoechea	Live_In	Spanish Basque	(Police arrested 10 Spanish Basque militants , including Jose Antonio Urutigoechea , considered by Madrid to be a top leader of the Spanish Basque separatist organization ETA , authorities said today .)
sent477	Felipe Gonzalez	Live_In	Spanish	(Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez of Spain told reporters , ` ` The police actions and the arrests are of great importance to Spanish society on such a major matter as the battle against terrorism. ' ')
sent490	Judith C. Toth	Live_In	Maryland	(Judith C. Toth says she returned for a fourth term in Maryland 's House of Delegates because she couldn 't find a better job .)
sent510	William O '	Live_In	North Carolina	(Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent510	Brien III	Live_In	Madison County	(Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent510	Brien III	Live_In	North Carolina	(Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent510	Timothy Jacobs	Live_In	Madison County	(Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent510	Timothy Jacobs	Live_In	North Carolina	(Madison County Judge William O 'Brien III set a Feb. 28 hearing date for arguments on whether Timothy Jacobs should be returned to North Carolina .)
sent517	Eddie Hatcher	Live_In	Lumberton	(Jacobs , 20 , and Eddie Hatcher , 31 , were charged in the 1988 takeover in Lumberton , N.C.)
sent517	Eddie Hatcher	Live_In	N.C.	(Jacobs , 20 , and Eddie Hatcher , 31 , were charged in the 1988 takeover in Lumberton , N.C.)
sent541	Paul Fournier	Live_In	Thomaston	(Albert O. Harjula , 29 , of Thomaston , became trapped first , said Paul Fournier , a spokesman for the state Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife .)
sent556	Idaho Falls	Live_In	Idaho	(To meet tritium needs , the report repeated previous administration recommendations for the construction of a $3.2 billion heavy water reactor at Savannah River and a $3.6 billion new design gas-cooled reactor at the Energy Department facility at Idaho Falls , Idaho .)
sent561	Nixon	Live_In	U.S.	(An architect of President Nixon 's unsuccessful executive-privilege Watergate defense is a top prospect for the post of U.S. solicitor in the new Bush administration .)
sent563	Reagan	Live_In	New York	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent563	Reagan	Live_In	the District of Columbia	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent563	Ralph K. Winter	Live_In	New York	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent563	Ralph K. Winter	Live_In	the District of Columbia	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent563	Kenneth Starr	Live_In	New York	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent563	Kenneth Starr	Live_In	the District of Columbia	(Also under consideration are two conservative federal appellate judges appointed by President Reagan : Ralph K. Winter of the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York and Kenneth Starr of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia .)
sent582	Yerevan	Live_In	Soviet	(The six men were found under the rubble in the basement of a nine-story apartment building which had collapsed on them , the official Soviet news agency said in a report from Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .)
sent582	Yerevan	Live_In	Armenia	(The six men were found under the rubble in the basement of a nine-story apartment building which had collapsed on them , the official Soviet news agency said in a report from Yerevan , the capital of Armenia .)
sent652	J.H. Berman	Live_In	Port Nolloth	(Cape Town Supreme Court Judge J.H. Berman refused to give Port Nolloth municipal authorities the right to forcibly remove the squatters , who live in shacks and tents .)
sent663	Mary Campbell	Live_In	Democratic	(Mary Campbell , a former Democratic member of the Clover Town Council , got the unasked-for tickets in the mail last month .)
sent748	Alain Farley	Live_In	Montreal	(It seems to be more effective , ' ' said Dr. Alain Farley of McGill University in Montreal .)
sent755	David Graham	Live_In	Houston	(Dr. David Graham of the Veterans Administration O Center in Houston , who has also studied the new drug , said some experts are concerned about the long-term effects of shutting down acid secretion almost completely .)
sent756	Paul Newman	Live_In	Louisiana	(` ` Blaze , ' ' a film about a former governor and a stripper , will star Paul Newman as Louisiana Gov. Earl Long .)
sent769	Karl Malden	Live_In	American	(Actor Karl Malden will teach acting in realistic American drama for two weeks beginning Monday at Vanderbilt University .)
sent770	Producer	Live_In	Vanderbilt	(He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)
sent770	Producer	Live_In	Nashville	(He will be the first Vanderbilt artist-in-residence under an endowment in honor of Fred Coe , a director-producer who grew up in Nashville and worked on network TV shows such as Philco Playhouse , Playhouse 90 , Producer 's Showcase and others .)
sent780	Pat Sajak Show	Live_In	Pittsburgh	(Pittsburgh Mayor Sophie Masloff touted the joys of her favorite city on the nationally televised Pat Sajak Show and put an end to rumors that she sometimes arrives at work with a cup of homemade chicken soup .)
sent787	Yasser Arafat	Live_In	Arab	(Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .)
sent787	Yasser Arafat	Live_In	Israeli	(Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .)
sent787	Yasser Arafat	Live_In	West Bank	(Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .)
sent787	Yasser Arafat	Live_In	Gaza Strip	(Palestine Liberation Organization chairman Yasser Arafat addressed a league committee and berated Arab colleagues for reneging on their promise of aid to the people of the Israeli occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip .)
sent790	Gadhafi	Live_In	Libyan	(Gadhafi requested the meeting of foreign ministers after two U.S. Navy planes downed the Libyan jets , which American officials say were about to attack the U.S. craft .)
sent790	Gadhafi	Live_In	American	(Gadhafi requested the meeting of foreign ministers after two U.S. Navy planes downed the Libyan jets , which American officials say were about to attack the U.S. craft .)
sent790	Gadhafi	Live_In	U.S.	(Gadhafi requested the meeting of foreign ministers after two U.S. Navy planes downed the Libyan jets , which American officials say were about to attack the U.S. craft .)
sent793	Chedli Klibi	Live_In	U.S.	(` ` The U.S. has the biggest stock of chemical arms in the world , and it is trying to obstruct other countries from having their own , ' ' said Arab League Secretary-General Chedli Klibi .)
sent857	Prince Norodom Sihanouk	Live_In	the Soviet Union	(The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)
sent857	Prince Norodom Sihanouk	Live_In	Thailand	(The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)
sent857	Sihanouk	Live_In	the Soviet Union	(The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)
sent857	Sihanouk	Live_In	Thailand	(The meeting will be held at the request of the Soviet Union , which also plans direct talks with resistance leader Prince Norodom Sihanouk , said Sihanouk 's son and representative in Thailand , Prince Norodom Ranariddh .)
sent860	Li Zhaoxing	Live_In	Chinese	(At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')
sent860	Li Zhaoxing	Live_In	Vietnam	(At a regular Chinese Foreign Ministry briefing in Beijing on Thursday , spokesman Li Zhaoxing would say only that China will consider direct talks with Vietnam ` ` at an appropriate time. ' ')
sent862	Eduard A. Shevardnadze	Live_In	China	(Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .)
sent862	Eduard A. Shevardnadze	Live_In	Chinese-Soviet	(Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .)
sent862	Eduard A. Shevardnadze	Live_In	Chinese	(Soviet Foreign Eduard A. Shevardnadze is to visit China next month to pave the way for the first Chinese-Soviet summit in 30 years , Chinese television reported Monday .)
sent871	Li	Live_In	Cambodian	(In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')
sent871	Li	Live_In	Vietnamese	(In Beijing Thursday , spokesman Li repeated China 's position that the key to the solution of the Cambodian conflict ` ` lies in the genuine and complete Vietnamese troop withdrawal at the earliest possible date and effective international supervision. ' ')
sent896	Walesa	Live_In	Gdansk	(A rally of several thousand Solidarity supporters was held Tuesday at the Lenin Shipyard in Gdansk , where Walesa works .)
sent902	Bruce Jonasson	Live_In	Montreal	(Bruce Jonasson , manager of Bradley First Air , said pilots from Montreal and Ottawa were the plane 's only occupants .)
sent902	Bruce Jonasson	Live_In	Ottawa	(Bruce Jonasson , manager of Bradley First Air , said pilots from Montreal and Ottawa were the plane 's only occupants .)
sent915	Gemini 6000	Live_In	Md.	(Eastport International of Upper Marlboro , Md. , which has been involved in deep-water recovery of wreckage of the space shuttle Challenger as well as other air crashes , retrieved the recorder last Friday from a depth of 14 , 800 feet with its $5 million ` ` remote recovery vehicle ' ' known as Gemini 6000 .)
sent952	Jake Garn	Live_In	Utah	(Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
sent952	Bill Nelson	Live_In	Utah	(Sen. Jake Garn , R-Utah , flew on the shuttle in April 1985 and Rep. Bill Nelson , D-Fla. , was aboard in January 1986 , at the invitation of NASA 's administrator .)
sent953	Sultan Al-Saud	Live_In	Mexican	(In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .)
sent953	Rodolfo Neri Vela	Live_In	Saudi Arabia	(In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .)
sent953	Rodolfo Neri Vela	Live_In	Mexican	(In 1985 , shuttle passengers included Sultan Al-Saud of Saudi Arabia and Rodolfo Neri Vela , a Mexican .)
sent955	Dan Quayle 's	Live_In	Caracas	(Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent955	Dan Quayle 's	Live_In	Venezuela	(Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent955	Bush	Live_In	Caracas	(Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent955	Bush	Live_In	Venezuela	(Dan Quayle 's first trip out of the country as vice is likely to be to Caracas , Venezuela , for Carlos Andres Perez 's presidential inauguration on Feb. 2 , an official in President-elect Bush 's transition said Thursday .)
sent962	Psacharopoulos	Live_In	Athens	(Born in Athens , Psacharopoulos came to the United States at age 17 to enter Oberlin College , where he studied art history .)
sent962	Psacharopoulos	Live_In	the United States	(Born in Athens , Psacharopoulos came to the United States at age 17 to enter Oberlin College , where he studied art history .)
sent1019	Lance Davis	Live_In	America	(At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)
sent1019	Truck Stops	Live_In	America	(At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)
sent1019	Truck Stops	Live_In	Ontario	(At a large truck stop east of the airport , some 2 , 000 truck drivers and campers waited for the winds to die down , said Lance Davis , general manager of Truck Stops of America in Ontario .)
sent1026	Kevin Kelly	Live_In	Los Angeles	(Other power lines brought down by high winds caused outages that affected about 6 , 000 homes and businesses served by Southern California Edison in Los Angeles and Orange counties , said Edison spokesman Kevin Kelly .)
sent1026	Kevin Kelly	Live_In	Orange	(Other power lines brought down by high winds caused outages that affected about 6 , 000 homes and businesses served by Southern California Edison in Los Angeles and Orange counties , said Edison spokesman Kevin Kelly .)
sent1028	Denise Garland	Live_In	Rancho Cucamonga	(In San Bernardino County , winds ripped off part of the roof of the sheriff 's station in Rancho Cucamonga and damaged several private cars , said Deputy Denise Garland .)
sent1037	LaFarge	Live_In	Manhattan	(` ` He ( LaFarge ) was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)
sent1037	Tiffany	Live_In	Manhattan	(` ` He ( LaFarge ) was the one who supposedly taught Tiffany how to make the Favrile glass , ' ' said auctioneer William Doyle , who operates an auction house in Manhattan .)
sent1043	LeRoy	Live_In	Tavern	(I 'm having so much fun , I may try this with Tavern on the Green , ' ' said LeRoy , an avid collector who also owns that famed New York restaurant .)
sent1049	Thomas Viscomi	Live_In	Niagara County	(The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
sent1049	Norma Viscomi	Live_In	Niagara County	(The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
sent1049	Niagara Falls	Live_In	Niagara County	(The state Supreme Court jury in Niagara County made the award Tuesday to the estate of Thomas Viscomi and his widow , Norma Viscomi , of Niagara Falls .)
sent1054	Leslie Kota	Live_In	Troy	(Leslie Kota , a spokeswoman for K mart based in Troy , Mich. , said the company would appeal the ruling .)
sent1054	Leslie Kota	Live_In	Mich.	(Leslie Kota , a spokeswoman for K mart based in Troy , Mich. , said the company would appeal the ruling .)
sent1063	Stacy Lin Bickel	Live_In	Phoenix	(Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)
sent1063	Deborah Sue Tomazin	Live_In	Tempe	(Stacy Lin Bickel , 25 , of Tempe pleaded guilty in November to negligent homicide in the death of Deborah Sue Tomazin , 24 , of Phoenix .)
sent1065	Miss Bickel 's	Live_In	Tempe	(The bungled attempt took place March 27 in the office of Miss Bickel 's former employer , Tempe plastic surgeon Richard Pavese .)
sent1109	Folke Nyberg	Live_In	Seattle	(Folke Nyberg , a professor of urban planning and architecture at the University of Washington , agreed Seattle 's location on the Pacific Rim means it will grow , but disagreed that concentrated downtown growth is good .)
sent1131	William J. Bennett	Live_In	Chicago	(There are even hopeful signs in Chicago 's schools , branded 14 months ago as the nation 's worst by U.S. Secretary William J. Bennett .)
sent1132	James Thompson	Live_In	Chicago	(Illinois Gov. James Thompson signed legislation last month scrapping Chicago 's central school board next July , to be replaced by parent-run councils empowered to set budgets and hire and fire principals .)
sent1176	Walter R. Mears	Live_In	Washington	(EDITOR 'S NOTE : Walter R. Mears , vice and columnist for The Associated Press , has reported on Washington and national politics for more than 25 years .)
sent1196	Allan McArtor	Live_In	British	(FAA Administrator Allan McArtor issued the order after the British Civil Aviation Authority ordered similar checks for three types of aircraft flown by British carriers , including the same two models of the 737 and the Airbus A320 .)
sent1197	Craig Martin	Live_In	Seattle	(` ` We certainly believe it 's a prudent measure to go out and check to make sure there 's nothing wrong with the fleet , ' ' Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Craig Martin said Wednesday in Seattle .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	Aloha	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	America	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	American	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	Piedmont	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	Southwest	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1200	Fred Farrar	Live_In	United	(Fred Farrar , another FAA spokesman , said airlines flying the 737-300s are Aloha , America West , American , Continental , Delta , Orion , Piedmont , Southwest , United and U.S. Air .)
sent1214	CFM56	Live_In	Cincinnati	(The timer valve manufactured by GE for the CFM56 engine on the 737 could not have caused the turbine to fail or threatened flight safety even if the valve malfunctioned , Kennedy said in telephone interview from his office in Cincinnati , where GE 's aircraft engine operations are based .)
sent1299	Minox	Live_In	West Germany 's	(Minox 's woes are just part of the restructuring of West Germany 's proud camera industry , which has seen the only other two all-German companies , Leica and Rollei , drop out of the amateur automatic focus camera market to concentrate on producing high-priced professional gear .)
sent1299	Minox	Live_In	German	(Minox 's woes are just part of the restructuring of West Germany 's proud camera industry , which has seen the only other two all-German companies , Leica and Rollei , drop out of the amateur automatic focus camera market to concentrate on producing high-priced professional gear .)
sent1299	Minox	Live_In	Leica	(Minox 's woes are just part of the restructuring of West Germany 's proud camera industry , which has seen the only other two all-German companies , Leica and Rollei , drop out of the amateur automatic focus camera market to concentrate on producing high-priced professional gear .)
sent1299	Minox	Live_In	Rollei	(Minox 's woes are just part of the restructuring of West Germany 's proud camera industry , which has seen the only other two all-German companies , Leica and Rollei , drop out of the amateur automatic focus camera market to concentrate on producing high-priced professional gear .)
sent1306	Minox	Live_In	Netherlands	(Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)
sent1306	Rinn	Live_In	Netherlands	(Minox has not shown a profit since 1981 , and on April 1 , 1988 , Robert C. Corduwener , a Netherlands businessman bought a 51 percent share of the company to take control from the Rinn family .)
sent1310	Minox	Live_In	Frankfurt	(Many had hoped their loyality would convince the banks , primarily the Frankfurt-based Commerzbank and Giessen 's Bezirksparkasse bank , to continue to help Minox , but the hope backfired on those who were layed off , he said .)
sent1310	Minox	Live_In	Giessen	(Many had hoped their loyality would convince the banks , primarily the Frankfurt-based Commerzbank and Giessen 's Bezirksparkasse bank , to continue to help Minox , but the hope backfired on those who were layed off , he said .)
sent1310	Minox	Live_In	Bezirksparkasse	(Many had hoped their loyality would convince the banks , primarily the Frankfurt-based Commerzbank and Giessen 's Bezirksparkasse bank , to continue to help Minox , but the hope backfired on those who were layed off , he said .)
sent1311	Minox	Live_In	Rollei	(While Minox is struggling , the Leica company in nearby Wetzlar , and Rollei in Braunschweig , report business has been good over the past year .)
sent1311	Braunschweig	Live_In	Rollei	(While Minox is struggling , the Leica company in nearby Wetzlar , and Rollei in Braunschweig , report business has been good over the past year .)
sent1345	Fred Demler	Live_In	Chilean	(Further buying was linked to rumors that the Chilean copper company Codelco was considering shutting down its smelter at Chuquicamata , the world 's largest copper mine , due to persistent mechanical problems , said Fred Demler , metals economist with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in New York .)
sent1395	Eaglebrook East	Live_In	Middletown	(Eaglebrook East opened in Middletown in April .)
sent1415	William R. Higgins	Live_In	Marine	(Text of the statement issued by the Organization of the Oppressed on Earth claiming U.S. Marine Lt. William R. Higgins was hanged.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	Zionist	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	America	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	Zionist	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Abdul Karim Obeid	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	America	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	Zionist	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	America	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	Zionist	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Higgins	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Zul Hijja	Live_In	America	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Zul Hijja	Live_In	Zionist	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Zul Hijja	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1417	Zul Hijja	Live_In	American	(In the name of God , the Merciful , the Compassionate , Since criminal America and the Zionist enemy did not take our decision to execute American spy Higgins seriously , and since Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid and his two brethren were not freed by the specified deadline out of disdain for our ultimatum , the life of Higgins and our sacred sanctities , and to implement God 's just will , the execution of American spy Higgins has been carried out by hanging at 3 p.m. this Monday afternoon 28 Zul Hijja , 1409 Hegira , which coincides with July 31 , 1989 A.D. He will be an example for those who fear the day of reckoning.)
sent1434	Cameron Parish	Live_In	Louisiana	(In southwest Louisiana 's Cameron Parish ( county ) , civil defense director Hayes Picou about 8 , 500 of the low-lying parish 's 10 , 000 residents had evacuated the southern coast , most to stay with friends or relatives.)
sent1483	Quayles	Live_In	Corinne	(The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Tucker	Live_In	Corinne	(The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1483	Benjamin	Live_In	Corinne	(The Quayles ' children _ Tucker , 15 , Benjamin , 12 , and Corinne , 10 _ live on the top floor of the three-story building , which is on the rolling grounds of the Naval Observatory in northwest Washington and was built in 1894.)
sent1523	Say	Live_In	Israeli	(` ` What we have witnessed , in the Israeli retaliation in kind for the kidnapping of their people , ( is ) that violence truly does beget violence and that I hope the United States will use this opportunity for reconciliation rather than retaliation , ' ' Mrs. Say said in an interview from her home near Cadiz in western Kentucky.)
sent1523	Say	Live_In	the United States	(` ` What we have witnessed , in the Israeli retaliation in kind for the kidnapping of their people , ( is ) that violence truly does beget violence and that I hope the United States will use this opportunity for reconciliation rather than retaliation , ' ' Mrs. Say said in an interview from her home near Cadiz in western Kentucky.)
sent1524	Higgins	Live_In	Louisville	(Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)
sent1524	Higgins	Live_In	Okolona	(Higgins ' sister , Mary Fisher , said from her home in the Louisville suburb of Okolona that she believed Higgins ' was dead before she saw the videotape.)
sent1526	Mitch McConnell	Live_In	Louisville	(U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.)
sent1526	Higgins	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.)
sent1526	Higgins	Live_In	Louisville	(U.S. Sen. Mitch McConnell , who attended church in south Louisville with Higgins in the 1950s , recommended he be given the nation 's highest honor , the Medal of Honor.)
sent1557	Richard Kahn	Live_In	Alexandria	(There are an estimated 11 million diabetics nationwide , of whom about 2.5 million give themselves insulin shots each day , said Richard Kahn , chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association in Alexandria , Va.)
sent1557	Richard Kahn	Live_In	Va.	(There are an estimated 11 million diabetics nationwide , of whom about 2.5 million give themselves insulin shots each day , said Richard Kahn , chief scientific and medical officer for the American Diabetes Association in Alexandria , Va.)
sent1558	Robin Woods	Live_In	Washington	(The Environmental Protection Agency is working on a brochure advising diabetics of the best way to dispose of needles , said Robin Woods , a spokeswoman for the agency in Washington , D.C. It will suggest that diabetics place ` ` sharps ' ' _ the needle end of a syringe _ in a hard plastic or metal container like a coffee can before throwing it in the trash , Woods said.)
sent1558	Robin Woods	Live_In	D.C.	(The Environmental Protection Agency is working on a brochure advising diabetics of the best way to dispose of needles , said Robin Woods , a spokeswoman for the agency in Washington , D.C. It will suggest that diabetics place ` ` sharps ' ' _ the needle end of a syringe _ in a hard plastic or metal container like a coffee can before throwing it in the trash , Woods said.)
sent1567	Debra Bornstein	Live_In	Randolph	(Waste Disposal Co. of Randolph is preparing to offer a home needle pickup service , said Debra Bornstein , a company official.)
sent1632	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	New Hampshire	(` ` He is the same easy-going , soft-spoken , self-effacing man we knew as governor of New Hampshire , ' ' said Virginia Gov. Gerald Baliles , a Democrat.)
sent1632	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Democrat	(` ` He is the same easy-going , soft-spoken , self-effacing man we knew as governor of New Hampshire , ' ' said Virginia Gov. Gerald Baliles , a Democrat.)
sent1635	Bush	Live_In	Virginia	(Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)
sent1635	Sununu	Live_In	Virginia	(Bush , who acknowledged that Sununu was ` ` not quiet and retiring ' ' also had words for Virginia 's Baliles , who was stepping down after a year as chairman of the association.)
sent1637	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Democrat	(The president appeared a bit startled when he saw Ohio 's governor , Democrat Richard Celeste.)
sent4590	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	(In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Junior .)
sent4590	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Tenn.	(In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Junior .)
sent4590	Martin Luther King Junior	Live_In	Memphis	(In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Junior .)
sent4590	Martin Luther King Junior	Live_In	Tenn.	(In 1969 , James Earl Ray pleaded guilty in Memphis , Tenn. , to the assassination of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Junior .)
sent4595	Highlight	Live_In	B.C.	(Today 's Highlight in History : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4595	Brutus	Live_In	B.C.	(Today 's Highlight in History : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4595	Cassius	Live_In	B.C.	(Today 's Highlight in History : On the Ides of March , 44 B.C. , Roman Emperor Julius Caesar was assassinated by a group of nobles that included Brutus and Cassius .)
sent4596	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Lebanon	(After nearly two decades in prison for the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , James Earl Ray says he would trade places with the hostages in Lebanon .)
sent4596	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Lebanon	(After nearly two decades in prison for the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. , James Earl Ray says he would trade places with the hostages in Lebanon .)
sent4597	Ray	Live_In	Tennessee	(Ray is being held in Tennessee 's Brushy Mountain State Prison on a 99-year sentence for the April 4 , 1968 , slaying of King .)
sent4598	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(` ` The LAPD investigation into the Robert F. Kennedy assassination by Sirhan Sirhan was exhaustive , yet public concern about its conclusions remains 20 years later , ' ' Eu said in a written statement released by her office .)
sent4599	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .)
sent4599	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	New York	(In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was sentenced to death for the assassination of New York Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .)
sent4600	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(In 1969 , Sirhan Sirhan was convicted of assassinating Sen. Robert F. Kennedy .)
sent4601	William Leonard Jennings	Live_In	West Yorkshire	(William Leonard Jennings sobbed loudly as he appeared in a magistrates court in West Yorkshire and was charged with killing his 3-year-old son , Stephen , who was last seen alive on Dec. 12 , 1962 .)
sent4601	Stephen	Live_In	West Yorkshire	(William Leonard Jennings sobbed loudly as he appeared in a magistrates court in West Yorkshire and was charged with killing his 3-year-old son , Stephen , who was last seen alive on Dec. 12 , 1962 .)
sent4602	Kennedy	Live_In	California	(The summary also concluded that Sirhan , who is serving a life sentence at Soledad Prison for the killing , was sane and was not under the influence of alcohol when he shot Kennedy moments after he had claimed victory in the California Democratic presidential primary .)
sent4602	Kennedy	Live_In	Democratic	(The summary also concluded that Sirhan , who is serving a life sentence at Soledad Prison for the killing , was sane and was not under the influence of alcohol when he shot Kennedy moments after he had claimed victory in the California Democratic presidential primary .)
sent4603	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan	(Although Sirhan shot Kennedy in full view of numerous spectators , controversy arose later about how many shots were fired and whether a second gunman was involved .)
sent4604	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Va.	(In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4604	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	Va.	(In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4604	Bowling Green	Live_In	Va.	(In 1865 , John Wilkes Booth , the assassin of President Abraham Lincoln , was surrounded by federal troops near Bowling Green , Va. , and killed .)
sent4607	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	(The items included the .22-caliber gun Sirhan Bishara Sirhan used to kill Kennedy on June 5 , 1968 , in the hotel kitchen .)
sent4608	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(However , the story did not die , and triggered years of controversy over whether Sirhan Sirhan , the man convicted of killing Kennedy , had acted alone .)
sent4609	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(Sirhan Sirhan , a Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison .)
sent4609	Kennedy	Live_In	Jordanian	(Sirhan Sirhan , a Jordanian immigrant , was convicted of murdering Kennedy and is serving a life term at Soledad Prison .)
sent4610	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	(Kennedy 's assassin , Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , was immediately arrested .)
sent4611	Highlight	Live_In	Los Angeles	(Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .)
sent4611	Highlight	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	(Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .)
sent4611	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Los Angeles	(Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .)
sent4611	Robert F. Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Bishara Sirhan	(Today 's Highlight in History : Twenty years ago , on June 6 , 1968 , at 1 : 44 a.m. local time , Sen. Robert F. Kennedy died at Good Samaritan Hospital in Los Angeles , 25 -LCB- hours after he was shot at the Ambassador Hotel by Sirhan Bishara Sirhan .)
sent4612	Bishara Sirhan	Live_In	Los Angeles	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4612	Bishara Sirhan	Live_In	Sirhan	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4612	Bishara Sirhan	Live_In	Jordanian	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4612	Kennedy	Live_In	Los Angeles	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4612	Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4612	Kennedy	Live_In	Jordanian	(That same day , a grand jury in Los Angeles indicted Sirhan Bishara Sirhan , a Jordanian citizen , on a charge of first-degree murder in the assassination of Kennedy two days earlier .)
sent4613	James Earl Ray	Live_In	London	(In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4613	Martin Luther King Jr	Live_In	London	(In 1968 , authorities announced the capture in London of James Earl Ray , suspected of the assassination of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr .)
sent4615	Edward M. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(Sen. Edward M. Kennedy says his family is disturbed by the decision to establish a museum in the Dallas building from which Lee Harvey Oswald is believed to have shot President John F. Kennedy .)
sent4615	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	(Sen. Edward M. Kennedy says his family is disturbed by the decision to establish a museum in the Dallas building from which Lee Harvey Oswald is believed to have shot President John F. Kennedy .)
sent4615	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(Sen. Edward M. Kennedy says his family is disturbed by the decision to establish a museum in the Dallas building from which Lee Harvey Oswald is believed to have shot President John F. Kennedy .)
sent4616	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Tennessee	(In 1977 , James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , was recaptured following his escape from a Tennessee prison June 10 .)
sent4616	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Tennessee	(In 1977 , James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. , was recaptured following his escape from a Tennessee prison June 10 .)
sent4617	Robert Kennedy	Live_In	Sirhan Sirhan	(Robert Kennedy was shot by Sirhan Sirhan and mortally wounded shortly after midnight on June 5 , 1968 , after he had addressed a crowd of supporters gathered in the Ambassador Hotel to celebrate his election victory of the day before .)
sent4618	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	Lennon	(In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4618	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	New York City	(In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4618	John Lennon	Live_In	Lennon	(In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4618	John Lennon	Live_In	New York City	(In 1981 , Mark David Chapman pleaded guilty to killing rock star John Lennon outside Lennon 's New York City apartment building the previous December .)
sent4619	James Marvin Forsgren	Live_In	Coeur	(Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
sent4619	James Marvin Forsgren	Live_In	Luthersberg	(Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
sent4619	Pamela Sue Rimer	Live_In	Coeur	(Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
sent4619	Pamela Sue Rimer	Live_In	Luthersberg	(Yount , who was living in Coeur under the alias James Marvin Forsgren , was sentenced to life in prison for his conviction on first-degree murder and rape charges in the 1966 slaying of Pamela Sue Rimer , a student in his high school mathematics class in Luthersberg , Pa .)
sent4621	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Washington	(In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4621	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	D.C.	(In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4621	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	Washington	(In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4621	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	D.C.	(In 1865 , four people were hanged in Washington , D.C. after being convicted of conspiring with John Wilkes Booth in the assassination of President Abraham Lincoln .)
sent4622	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Raoul	(Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .)
sent4622	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Raoul	(Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , convicted of assassinating Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1968 , repeated his assertion at a Capitol Hill hearing that he did not commit the crime , saying he 'd been set up to take the blame by a mysterious man called Raoul .)
sent4623	Francisco Pizarro	Live_In	Incan	(On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .)
sent4623	Francisco Pizarro	Live_In	Peru	(On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .)
sent4623	Francisco Pizarro	Live_In	Spanish	(On this date : In 1533 , the last Incan King of Peru , Atahualpa , was murdered on the orders of Spanish conqueror Francisco Pizarro .)
sent4624	William McKinley	Live_In	Buffalo	(Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4624	William McKinley	Live_In	N.Y.	(Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4624	Leon Czolgosz	Live_In	Buffalo	(Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4624	Leon Czolgosz	Live_In	N.Y.	(Today 's highlight in history : In 1901 , President William McKinley was shot by anarchist Leon Czolgosz at the Pan-American Exposition in Buffalo , N.Y.)
sent4626	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
sent4626	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	(The House Assassinations Committee concluded in 1978 that Kennedy was ` ` probably ' ' assassinated as the result of a conspiracy involving a second gunman , a finding that broke from the Warren Commission 's belief that Lee Harvey Oswald acted alone in Dallas on Nov. 22 , 1963 .)
sent4627	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	New York City	(Lennon was shot to death Dec. 8 , 1980 , in the courtyard of his New York City apartment building by Mark David Chapman , a former Beatles ' fan who was convicted of the killing and sentenced to prison for a term of 20 years to life .)
sent4627	Beatles	Live_In	New York City	(Lennon was shot to death Dec. 8 , 1980 , in the courtyard of his New York City apartment building by Mark David Chapman , a former Beatles ' fan who was convicted of the killing and sentenced to prison for a term of 20 years to life .)
sent4629	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	Dakota	(Lennon was fatally shot by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec. 8 , 1980.)
sent4630	Mark David Chapman	Live_In	Dakota	(Lennon was murdered by Mark David Chapman outside the Dakota on Dec. 8 , 1980 .)
sent4632	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	(In Dallas , preparations continue for a museum at the Texas School Book Depository where assassin Lee Harvey Oswald gunned down Kennedy as the presidential motorcade rode through Dealey Plaza .)
sent4632	Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(In Dallas , preparations continue for a museum at the Texas School Book Depository where assassin Lee Harvey Oswald gunned down Kennedy as the presidential motorcade rode through Dealey Plaza .)
sent4635	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Tennessee	(Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , married artist Anna Sandhu in a ceremony at Brushy Mountain Penitentiary in Tennessee .)
sent4635	Martin Luther King Jr.	Live_In	Tennessee	(Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , married artist Anna Sandhu in a ceremony at Brushy Mountain Penitentiary in Tennessee .)
sent4635	Anna Sandhu	Live_In	Tennessee	(Ten years ago : James Earl Ray , the convicted assassin of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. , married artist Anna Sandhu in a ceremony at Brushy Mountain Penitentiary in Tennessee .)
sent4637	Ray	Live_In	Memphis	(Ray , 60 , was sentenced to 99 years in prison in 1969 when he pleaded guilty to shooting and killing King as the civil rights leader stood on a balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis .)
sent4641	Herschel Grynszpan	Live_In	Jew	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Herschel Grynszpan	Live_In	Poland	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Herschel Grynszpan	Live_In	German	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Herschel Grynszpan	Live_In	Paris	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Embassy Third	Live_In	Jew	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Embassy Third	Live_In	Poland	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Embassy Third	Live_In	German	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Embassy Third	Live_In	Paris	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Ernst vom Rath	Live_In	Jew	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Ernst vom Rath	Live_In	Poland	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Ernst vom Rath	Live_In	German	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4641	Ernst vom Rath	Live_In	Paris	(They found it when Herschel Grynszpan , a 17-year-old Jew enraged by his family 's deportation to Poland , shot and mortally wounded German Embassy Third Secretary Ernst vom Rath in Paris on Nov. 7 , 1938 .)
sent4643	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	(The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' ')
sent4643	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' ')
sent4647	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Dallas	(The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' ')
sent4647	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Dallas	(The nine sentences noting the spot where Dallas was settled are followed by this : ` ` On Nov. 22 , 1963 , the building gained national notoriety when Lee Harvey Oswald allegedly shot and killed President John F. Kennedy from a sixth floor window as the presidential motorcade passed the site. ' ')
sent4648	Oswald	Live_In	Marxist	(Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
sent4648	Kennedy	Live_In	Marxist	(Scattered among reams of FBI and Secret Service reports are fragments of the lonely life of Oswald , a Marxist who lived in obscurity and died in infamy and who the Warren Commission concluded was acting alone when he killed Kennedy .)
sent4649	Robert E. Lee 's	Live_In	Washington	(Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
sent4649	Robert E. Lee 's	Live_In	D.C.	(Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
sent4649	Robert E. Lee 's	Live_In	Appomattox	(Booth also used an underground intelligence network for his escape after shooting Lincoln during a performance at Ford 's Theatre in Washington , D.C. , on April 14 , 1865 , five days after Gen. Robert E. Lee 's surrender at Appomattox , the authors contend .)
sent4652	John Wilkes Booth	Live_In	Confederate	(John Wilkes Booth wasn 't a shiftless actor who killed Abraham Lincoln out of despondency over the South 's loss in the Civil War , but a Confederate intelligence agent , a new book contends .)
sent4652	Abraham Lincoln	Live_In	Confederate	(John Wilkes Booth wasn 't a shiftless actor who killed Abraham Lincoln out of despondency over the South 's loss in the Civil War , but a Confederate intelligence agent , a new book contends .)
sent4653	Lee Harvey Oswald	Live_In	Texas	(Lee Harvey Oswald bore a grudge against Texas Gov. John Connally and may have intended to kill him instead of President John F. Kennedy , according to a new book .)
sent4653	John Connally	Live_In	Texas	(Lee Harvey Oswald bore a grudge against Texas Gov. John Connally and may have intended to kill him instead of President John F. Kennedy , according to a new book .)
sent4653	John F. Kennedy	Live_In	Texas	(Lee Harvey Oswald bore a grudge against Texas Gov. John Connally and may have intended to kill him instead of President John F. Kennedy , according to a new book .)
sent4654	James Earl Ray	Live_In	Memphis	(The hearing was announced last week for James Earl Ray , 60 , serving 99 years for assassinating King in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 .)
