sent1644	Michael Dukakis	Live_In	Massachusetts	(Walking around the assembled governors , Bush also came face to face with the man he defeated last November , Democrat Michael Dukakis of Massachusetts.)
sent1646	Thomas Kean	Live_In	New Jersey	(New Jersey Gov. Thomas Kean , who is leaving office after two terms at the end of this year , was greeted with effuse public praise by his colleagues during the conference.)
sent1647	Mario Cuomo	Live_In	New York	(But New York Gov. Mario Cuomo , who enthusiastically joined in the chorus , interrupted his own praise for Kean to add a bit of explanation.)
sent1674	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	(In May , the Bush administration and the 12-nation European Community reached an interim agreement that allowed resumption of sales of about 15 percent of the $100 million in U.S. beef exports to Europe.)
sent1695	Wang Shaohua	Live_In	San Francisco	(Wang Shaohua , an official with China 's consulate in San Francisco , said those who fled ` ` were instigated by people with motives to bring damage to China. ' ')
sent1702	Hua Wen-Yi	Live_In	Shanghai	(Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1702	Leonard Lee	Live_In	San Francisco	(Included in the group who remained here was Hua Wen-Yi , a famous opera singer in Shanghai , said Leonard Lee , editor of the Chinese Times , a Chinese language daily newspaper in San Francisco.)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Conn.	(Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1714	Marie Magdefrau Ferraro	Live_In	Bethany	(Marie Magdefrau Ferraro , 50 , of Bethany , Conn. , was shot to death Thursday when two bandits armed with assault rifles emerged from nearby bushes and began firing at a van carrying a Connecticut Audubon Society wildlife wild tour group .)
sent1787	Dave Olson	Live_In	Idaho	(` ` We 're in for a long haul , ' ' said Dave Olson of the Payette National Forest in Idaho , where more than 200 fires continued to burn.)
sent1814	Gerald Schwartz	Live_In	Miami Beach	(` ` You can count it on your fingertips , ' ' said veteran Miami Beach political Gerald Schwartz.)
sent1818	David Leahy	Live_In	Dade County	(David Leahy , elections supervisor for Dade County , said his 18 percent turnout projection was a guess because there hasn 't been a special congressional election in recent history , and never in August , a vacation month.)
sent1828	John Stembridge	Live_In	North Miami	(Also on the GOP ballot are insurance broker David Fleischer and former North Miami Mayor John Stembridge.)
sent1838	Ms. Calico	Live_In	N.M.	(Michael Henley Jr. , 10 , disappeared on a turkey hunt with his father in April 1988 in the mountains near their hometown of Grants , N.M. Ms. Calico , then 19 , disappeared five months later while bicycling on a country road near her hometown of Belen , N.M.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	Albuquerque	(On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1842	Doug Beldon	Live_In	N.M.	(On Monday , FBI spokesman Doug Beldon in Albuquerque , N.M. , said the agency would provide background information on the Henley disappearance and make available its laboratory and identification division in Washington.)
sent1866	Roland Dumas	Live_In	France	(` ` This constitutes a great first step forward on the path which should provide a return to peace for this country , ' ' said Foreign Roland Dumas of France.)
sent1893	Robert Isaacks	Live_In	High Island	(It 's doing a lot of wind damage , ' ' said Robert Isaacks , an emergency medical technician on High Island.)
sent1901	Betty Barrow	Live_In	High Island	(` ` We get worse thunderstorms than this , ' ' said Betty Barrow , a 28-year resident who remained on High Island.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	Lake Charles	(` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1911	Lutie Dyson	Live_In	La.	(` ` If they tell us to get out , we get out , ' ' said Lutie Dyson , 62 , who with her husband and about 65 others took shelter in a school in Lake Charles , La.)
sent1953	Sherman Finesilver	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. District Judge Sherman Finesilver , who ordered the investigation at the request of Acting John C. Keene , said that the 23-member panel would serve for 18 months and that the term could be extended another 18 months.)
sent1993	Abebe Worke	Live_In	Ethiopia	(Mrs. Rose hired Abebe Worke , one of Ethiopia 's most distinguished lawyers and a former member of the country 's High Court , to investigate.)
sent2054	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	(The Democrats elected Ohio 's Richard Celeste to be chairman of the Democratic Governors ' Association , beginning in January.)
sent2055	Booth Gardner	Live_In	Washington	(Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2055	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	(Iowa Republican Terry Branstad was installed as new chairman of the bipartisan National Governors ' Association , and Democrat Booth Gardner of Washington was selected to serve as vice to follow Branstad as chairman in a year.)
sent2059	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	(One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2062	Terry Branstad	Live_In	Iowa	(Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2062	Gerald Baliles	Live_In	Virginia	(Democratic Gov. Gerald Baliles of Virginia , who was being replaced as chairman of the governors ' association by Republican Terry Branstad of Iowa , said , ` ` We 're impressed with the accessibility and indications of a cooperative attitude ' ' from Bush.)
sent2063	Bill Clinton	Live_In	Arkansas	(Democrat Bill Clinton of Arkansas said the summit will keep education and child-related issues on the public agenda.)
sent2064	Richard Celeste	Live_In	Ohio	(But Ohio Gov. Richard Celeste , a Democrat , said Bush 's remarks were too little considering Bush 's campaign claim to be ` ` the education president. ' ')
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	Pa.	(David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2249	David Cicippio	Live_In	North Wales	(David Cicippio , an electronics technician from North Wales , Pa. , voiced frustration with the latest ordeal , which was provoked by the Israeli abduction of a Shiite Moslem cleric , Sheik Abdul Karim Obeid , last week.)
sent2257	Jacobsen	Live_In	Colorado	(Jacobsen , speaking from his Colorado home , said sources in London told him that Anderson was to be freed last Saturday by the new Iranian government as a gesture of good will.)
sent2263	Mrs. Cicippio	Live_In	Beirut	(` ` Please don 't execute him , please , ' ' said Mrs. Cicippio , who works at the American Embassy in east Beirut.)
sent2268	Elizabeth Dole	Live_In	U.S.	(OSHA now wants the civil cases postponed so the case can be reviewed for possible criminal violations , U.S. Elizabeth Dole said in a statement Tuesday.)
sent2336	Bob Dole	Live_In	Kansas	(Senate Bob Dole of Kansas on Tuesday threatened a parliamentary maneuver that could help force passage of President Bush 's savings and loan bailout before Congress goes on vacation by attaching it to essential legislation.)
sent2364	Vladimir Ashkenazy	Live_In	Soviet	(A golden future seemed assured when , at 25 , Ogdon shared top place with Soviet pianist Vladimir Ashkenazy in the piano section of the 1962 Moscow Tchaikovsky International Competition for young musicians.)
sent2403	Tom Muri	Live_In	Whitefish City	(The spilled fuel covered an area two miles long and nearly a half-mile wide , said Whitefish City Attorney Tom Muri.)
sent2423	Cecil Ray	Live_In	King County	(The injured man was being treated for stab wounds to the neck and was under police guard , said King County police spokesman Cecil Ray.)
sent2424	Vaughn Van Zant	Live_In	King County	(The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2424	Debra Sweiger	Live_In	Issaquah	(The dead woman was identified as Debra Sweiger of Issaquah , said King County O Investigator Vaughn Van Zant.)
sent2436	Ken Fimberg	Live_In	Denver	(Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Peter Murtha	Live_In	U.S.	(Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2436	Mike Norton	Live_In	U.S.	(Working with U.S. Mike Norton on the case are Assistant Ken Fimberg of Denver and Peter Murtha , a special prosecutor in the environmental crime section of the Justice Department in Washington.)
sent2465	Kim Dae-jung	Live_In	South Korea	(Kim Dae-jung , head of South Korea 's leading opposition party , was detained on a court warrant Wednesday for questioning in connection with a party lawmaker 's illegal trip to communist North Korea.)
sent2556	Bush	Live_In	U.S.	(An outraged President Bush is weighing U.S. options for responding to the ` ` brutal and tragic ' ' murder of Marine Lt. William Higgins while ruling out negotiations with Lebanese terrorists threatening to kill more hostages.)
sent2571	Cecil Andrus	Live_In	Idaho	(One was Idaho Gov. Cecil Andrus , who said he needed to deal with forest fires that have become ` ` totally out of control. ' ')
sent2577	Felix S. Bloch	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. diplomat Felix S. Bloch , suspected of spying for the Soviets , sipped grapefruit juice and calmly watched for 45 minutes as a foreign correspondent showed him videotapes and clippings of how his story is being told in his native Austria.)
sent2578	Robert Weisner	Live_In	Washington	(` ` I tried and tried , but he said he wouldn 't answer questions on the substance of his case , ' ' said Robert Weisner , the Washington correspondent for state-run Austrian television.)
sent2637	Baruch Arensberg	Live_In	Israel	(` ` For the first time it is possible to say from an anatomical point of view that primitive man could speak , ' ' said Professor Baruch Arensberg of Tel Aviv Univerisity , a member of the team studying the remains found in northern Israel.)
sent2640	Bernard Vandermeersch	Live_In	France	(Arensberg and a group of nine other professors directed by Ofer Bar-Yosef of Harvard University and Bernard Vandermeersch of the University of Bordeaux in France have studied the findings at Kebara for the past six years.)
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	R.I.	(Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2643	Phillip Lieberman	Live_In	Providence	(Linguist Phillip Lieberman of Brown Univeristy in Providence , R.I. , was quoted as saying : ` ` At this point , the Kebara hyoid doesn 't tell us anything about the evolution of speech and language. ' ')
sent2647	Jeffrey Laitman	Live_In	New York	(Anatomist Jeffrey Laitman of New York 's Mount Sinai School of Medicine also disputed the Kebara team 's findings.)
sent2649	Dean Falk	Live_In	Albany	(Anthropoligist Dean Falk of State University of New York at Albany supports the Kebara findings in the Science News article.)
sent2697	Antonio Cafiero	Live_In	Argentina	(An estimated one in four Argentina 's 31 million people lives in poverty ; 820 , 000 people in Buenos Aires Province alone eat at least one meal a day at some 1 , 500 soup kitchens that have opened , according to Gov. Antonio Cafiero.)
sent2735	Miguel Rodriguez	Live_In	Venezuela	(Venezuela 's chief debt negotiator , Miguel Rodriguez , told reporters Monday that his country would seek at least a 50 percent reduction of its debt , beyond Mexico 's gains in negotiations with its bank creditors.)
sent2741	Harold Abramson	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Harold Abramson said creditors in the bankruptcy case of William Herbert and Nancy Hunt can submit suggestions on how the Hunts should repay their debts.)
sent2813	Daniel L. Bakst	Live_In	West Palm Beach	(But trustee Daniel L. Bakst , a West Palm Beach , Fla. , lawyer , said he will not let the 11th-hour settlement efforts interfere with his assignment to track down Warner 's assets for distribution to creditors.)
sent2822	George Proctor	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. Bankruptcy Judge George Proctor on Friday authorized appointment of Bakst as trustee.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Fla.	(One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2826	Andrew Hall	Live_In	Miami	(One of Warner 's lawyers , Andrew Hall of Miami , Fla. , confirmed Tuesday that Warner is trying to settle the case.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Ohio	(Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2828	Lawrence Kane Jr.	Live_In	Cincinnati	(Lawrence Kane Jr. of Cincinnati , Ohio 's special prosecutor in the Home State case , declined comment on any settlement possibilities.)
sent2884	Andres Vega Cedeno	Live_In	Panama City	(The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2884	Felipe Cano	Live_In	San Miguelito	(The workers ' organization also voiced its support for Andres Vega Cedeno , also known as " Domplin , " a radio commentator who is running for mayor of Panama City ; and recommended that " the workers also vote for Felipe Cano , who is running for mayor of San Miguelito . ")
sent2906	Nikolai Kuznetsov	Live_In	Soviet	(The trud newspaper features the last part of the memoirs by former commander of the Soviet Navy Nikolai Kuznetsov who personally knew Stalin , under the headline " Stalin 's Death . ")
sent2929	William Miller	Live_In	Ukraine	(( Text ) Crimean Supreme Soviet Chairman Mykola Bahrov met today with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine William Miller.)
sent3051	Bill Clinton	Live_In	US	(( Excerpts ) US President Bill Clinton 's decision to lift a long-standing trade embargo against Vietnam had been expected. ( passage omitted ) In his White House speech , Clinton said the time for bitterness was over and now was the time for a new beginning between Hanoi and Washington .)
sent3073	Mickey Kantor	Live_In	U.S.	(U.S. ( USTR ) Mickey Kantor , who came to Japan amid the political confusion within the Hosokawa administration caused by the economic stimulation plan , stated before he left for home that " If we see no actual results , we might have to consider other options . ")
