NLP - Assignment 2 -- Grammar Writing

Daniel Juravski 206082323
Eyal Orbach 015369317


Part 1:

a) 
There are rules that cause recursive generation, such as:
NP NP PP
PP Prep NP
Those rules have their own LHS symbols on their RHS.
Incrementing the weights of rules with those LHS that have non recursive symbols on the RHS will lower the recursion.
If the sum weights of recursive rules is larger than non recursive rules for a LHS than it will likeley reach a loop that
will reach the stack's limit therefore those weights should be balanced to  lean towards non-recursive rules


b)
The rule that allows that kind of sentences is 'Noun Adj Noun' and this can happen recursivley (in other words allow multiple adjectives).
But that LHS (Noun) has 5 terminal state rules with weight 1 each, thus the prob to pick the recursive  rule is just 1/6.
For raising the adjectives number we just need to increase that rule's weight.

c)
These are the rules for NP:
1 NP Det Noun
1 NP NP PP
The first rule results in 2 preterminals, which will be replaced with terminals, therefore incrementing its weight will result in shorter sentences.

To increment the usage of adjectives, we will increment the weight for the below rule:
1 Noun Adj Noun
Thus incrementing the chances of a Noun being prefixed with an adjective instead of being replaced with a terminal state.

d)
All non-terminal states except 'NP' and 'Noun' and ROOT have exactly one state to be replaced with,
hence there is no meaning for their weight, because the propability to choose them is 100%.
Changin the weights in ROOT is not significant since all options are natural
Changing the weights on terminal states can make sentances sound more natural on a semantic level
For example: we decreased weights of some Verbs and Adj, since they can refer to less nouns (just a little semantic issue).









Part 2:

We added/modified rules to produce a sentence similar to the ones given, got insights on it and adjusted it to integrate with the other
rules.
Below is the modifications required for each sentence

a) We made Noun a non-terminal state (NOUN), and introduced Nnp (proper noun, Sally) and Nn (singular noun, president). NP can now transition into Det Nn or Nnp ot NP PP

b) We introduced Cc a pre-terminal state (and,or) along with rules that utilize it on NP and VP and Verb

c) We replaced Verb with Vi (intransitive verb) and Vt (transitive verb)

d) We introduced V5 a pre-terminal verb relating to a sub-sentance. VP can now be replaced by V5 SBAR
 We introduced SBAR as Comp S, where Comp is a preterminal to a relational word (that)

e) We introduced Prp (personal pronoun) and It can only be placed to the left of a VP
   We introduced V6, verbs that follow a Prp and are followed by NP SBAR where that NP is the subject
   This is different than v5 verbs that are active and therefore the subject NP is to the left of the verb
   "It perplexed Sally that..." compared to "Sally thought that"
   We decided these verbs should not be used in an active form like "Sally perplexed the sandwich" though this is debatable



f) We added Rb (adverb, 'very') and a rule to replace somtimes an adjective with a 'adverb and adjective', the adjective can be replaced again many times (very very pickled)

g) We added 2 things to deal with similar sentences
   1- a transition VP -> VP PP. any verb can happen 'on the floor'
   2- Vprep -> special verbs that must be followed by a PP. "worked the proposal" is wrong while "worked on the proposal" is correct
   nouns as before can also be followed by PP

h) We added the lazy adjective, and introduced a verb phrase "Vbzl".
   a preterminal present 3rd person linking verb ('is' being the 3rd person present form of 'be'.
   be is a linking verb that needs to be followed an adjective for now)
   this introduced an unnatural phenomena that we decided was grammatical.
   the 'is adjective' form can sometimes be followed by a PP that sounds wrong
   "every sandwich is delicious with a sandwich" but since "a sandwich is delicious with a pickle" is correct we left is as so.

i) We introduced Vbg, a pre-terminal present particle (eating) and now Vbzl can also be followed by Vbg (is eating) or Vbg NP (is eating the sandwich).

j) Vbzl is now also followed by a PP or a NP
   "Sally is in the sandwich " and  "Sally is a sandwich" respectively

The problem of handling (b) and (h)/(i):
Issue 1 example: `Sally wanted and is eating a sandwich`
We solved that by not introducing the combination VP NP, but rather adding NP after only specific form verbs therefore we would generate.
Issue 2 example: `Sally wanted a sandwich and is eating a pickle` which is good.
issue 3 example: `Sally sighed and is eating a sandwich` is un natural because of the time mixtures (and is now eating... will be more natural) though gramaticly that is ok.








Part 3:

(a) "a" vs. "an" problem:
adding nouns:
    Nnv = Nn (Singular noun) with prefix of vowels
    Splited Det to: Deta={'a'}, Detan={'an'} and the rest in Det.
adding adjectives:
    Nnv can be Adj Nnv
    a) 'it is eating a delicious apple'
    b) 'it is eating an excellent apple'
    the 'a'/'an' should be determined only by the word following following the determiner, here the adjective.
    Adjv = Adj with prefix of vowels
adding advers:
    Rb splited to Rb and Rbv.
    The 'a' , 'an' could be followd by it too.
    a) 'it is eating a very delicious apple'
    b) 'it is eating an extremely delicious apple'

    Then we created NNAPRE (Nn that has 'a' prefix) and NNANPRE (Nn that has 'an' prefix)
    Det works with both of them without any limitations.
    About the Deta and Detan, we had to insure that the following symbol must have a matching symbol.
    Thus, we created these 2 nonterminals NNAPRE and NNANPRE that their prefix are as follows:
    NNAPRE starts with Nn or Adj
    NNANPRE starts with Nnv or Adjv
    Then we just did all the possible combinations of the adjectives, adverbs and nouns.
output:
'it is eating an extremely fine sandwich !'
'is it true that Sally wanted a very perplexed eagle ?'



(c) Relative clauses:
A noun phrase can be replaced by a noun phrase 'that' something.
Detailed explanation:
NP can transition to NP REL.
REL is a non terminate state that is replaced by Comp RSV (Relative Statement verb) or Comp RSNV (Relative statement noun verb).
RSV is a non terminate state that is replaced by a Verb phase, therefore referring to the initial noun as the subject.
these can be any verb phrase Intransitive/Transitive/Ditransitive
(Sally kissed the president that sighed)
(Sally kissed the president that ate the pickle )
(Sally kissed the president that thought that Sally ate the pickle )

RSNV is replaced by a noun phrase (the subject) and a verb that is either Transitive or Ditransitive, where the initial noun is the direct or indirect object respectively.
(Sally kissed the pickle that the president ate)
(Sally kissed the pickle that Sally thought that the president ate)